five seeds for matches some free-flowing
tennis two favorites already out in the
pursuit of one prize all adding up to a
mouth-watering quarterfinals day at the
Family Circle Cup in Charleston first up
in front of an expectant home crowd and
all-american affair young Madison keys
and her stunning rise into the world's
top twenty has shown no sign of losing
pace here on the west coast but in
Lauren Davis she faced another of the
WTA's rising stars one used to causing
upsets by now as her victory over top
seed Eugenie Bouchard proved the
diminutive 21 year old showing glimpses
of that form early on will be small in
height but much more aggression back to
get into the net although that only
seemed to spur her opponent into another
gear that's the key slowly but surely
just beginning to turn up the heat here
in this quarterfinal he's completing a
comfortable opening set following along
Davis returned a couple of breaks of
serve exiting here in six games to to
the tournament seventh seed carried that
momentum into the second producing some
breathtaking tennis in the process as
she quickly moved into a tool of lead
another break coming soon after with
this backhand down the line
unbelievable get again from Madison keys
over the highest part of the net with
her forehand performing just as
impressively and he gave his resistance
was quickly broken as Keith completed a
deserved straight-sets win in just an
hour and 13 minutes after a
disappointing run of results in her
previous tournaments piece is catching
fire between clay of Charleston I'm
definitely happy with my clay court
tennis this week and definitely learning
to love it more and more each season so
so far so good in the next game of the
day number four seed sara errani mitts
surprise package to Luci her debts go
with a semi final match against keys on
the line
the Italian had comfortably won their
previous meeting in Acapulco earlier in
the year and made a promising start with
an early break of serve in a near miss a
complete miss hit from her deck skirt
and ironic to the best possible start in
with the early Quaker serve but she
would begin to lose her way and the
rising unforced error count allowed her
debts go to turn things around that's
four games in a row Narayan he's
struggling behind the circus Donna she
has there the entire week here
irani ultimately punished for Miss
chances in a 29 year old opponent
rounded out the set
it's the qualifier cadets got taken out
set 6 to that pattern continued into the
second as the world number 14 struggled
to impose herself against the her debts
car ever growing in confidence
a crucial break coming in game six for
the check and although irani managed to
level proceedings a second drop service
game of the set would prove fatal
let's go continuing to upset the odds as
she booked her place in the Final Four
to beat her so I was trying to stay
close the baseline and just go for every
points on the other side of the draw
Andrea Petkovic was expected to record a
comfortable victory over Dan kerkovich
in Charleston over 100 places separated
the players in the world rankings but
that counted for little as caverna
comfortably won the first set the Fed
kovitch who's the highest seed still
remaining in the tournament began to
find her rhythm in the second ensuring
the match when the distance
and the Montenegrin qualifier ran out of
steam in the decider petrovich's title
defense remaining alive despite the
scare
rounding up the semi-final lineup will
be Pekka pitch his fellow countryman
Angelique Kerber
although her straight-sets win over
arena Camilla begu to get there was far
from straightforward the world number 16
having to recover from five two and a
set point down she was able to do just
that
through an opening set tiebreaker
it took another tiebreak to separate the
two in the second
but again Kerber upped her game when it
mattered dispatching Pegu in just over
two hours to ensure an all German
semi-final on Saturday